# Checkpoint - 3
`Updated The Main README.md File`

## Current Implementation:

- **Authentication** - Login Authentication is implemented using Apple's FaceID Biometric authentication as that's the most used authentication method among 99% users.
- **Storage** - Provided functionality to use the local storage or iCloud of the users to upload the resume of the user. The provided job description and Job title are stored in the app's local storage provided for iOS apps.
- **AI Generating Responses** - The reponses of Resume Analysis, Missing Keywords, Suggestions and Interview PRepaeration are generated by the Gooogle Gemini Pro model through an API. These responses are displayed respective to features.
- **Chat Interface** - Developed a dynamic chat interface where the user can have a conversation with the AI regrading its responses and provide any user queries.
- **State Management** - The app perfectly handles the different states mentioned in HW3 documentation.
- **Basic Functionality** - The basic functionality of the user interface, app storage, text extraction from PDF and state management is completely implemented. 

### Dependencies:

- `Google Gemini Pro AI`: Used for advanced natural language processing and resume optimization.
- `LinkedIn API (Future)`: Enables integration for profile optimization and networking features in the premium version.
- `iOS Operating System`: Platform requirement for app functionality and compatibility.
- `Apple Developer Program`: Necessary for app submission and distribution on the App Store.
- `Xcode and Swift`: Tools and programming language for iOS app development.
- `Local Storage and Local Authentication`: Manages data storage and Login Authentiation locally on the device.
- `SwiftUI PDF Kit`:  Text Extraction from PDF.

## Remaining Work To Be Completed For the Next Phase.
- **Gemini LLM Integration** - Finish the Gemini LLM Integration into the App.
- **Download Functionality** - Incorporate the functionality to download the conversation and responses in PDF format.
- **User Profile Settings** - Finish implementation of user profile settings in Home screen (Profile, theme settings and about)
